There are only 76
days left in 2017.
So if this is the
year that you were
going to lose weight,
or gain weight,
or learn a new language,
or step down from office,
time is running out.
[LAUGHTER]
All right.
Time is flying by.
I don't want to
waste another minute
because I feel like dropping
some of view from way,
way up high to down low.
That's right, is time
to play Know or Go.
Twist, bring out the
contestants please.
[CHEERS]
Hello.
So you are Jolie?
Yes.
Hi, Jolie.
Were do you live,
what do you do?
I live in Los Angeles, I
work in media relations.
All right.
And you are Sarah?
Hi, Ellen.
Hi, Sarah.
Where do you live,
what do you do?
I live-- from Sydney, Australia,
I'm a flight attendant.
Wonderful, all right.
I love you.
Oh, thank you so much.
Tracy-- that's not going
to help you if you--
I have to drop you anyway
even if you love me.
Tracy, what do you
do, where do you live?
I'm from Oceanside, California,
and I'm a special ed teacher.
Wonderful.
[CHEERS]
All right.
It's a very easy game.
If you know the answer
you stay up there,
and if you don't you go.
You just know or you go.
OK, we'll go round robin.
I'll start with you Jolie.
Beyonce has a 107 million
followers on Instagram.
How many people does she follow?
She follows zero people.
That is right!
She follows--
But we want her to follow you.
She needs to follow me.
That is our goal is to get
her to follow one person,
and it will be me.
OK.
All right, here we go.
Sarah, it's my
goal to get Beyonce
to follow me on Instagram.
Do you think Beyonce will follow
me before the end of the year?
Yes, I do.
OK, good.
Tracy, Beyonce and Jay-z
are a powerhouse couple.
How do you spell Jay-z?
J-A-Y-Z.
That is right.
You guys are smart.
All right, Jolie.
Beyonce's Single Ladies won a
Grammy for song of the year.
Finish this lyric.
Because if you liked it,
then you should have--
Put a ring on it.
That is right.
Sarah, enough about Beyonce.
Halloween is around the corner.
What's another word for Ghost?
Scary person.
Casper!
Yeah, I'll take Casper.
Do you say scary person?
Scary?
Yeah.
Well, OK.
They're not really ghosts.
Just because somebody is scary
doesn't make them a gho--
they first of all have
to be dead, and then--
all right.
Tracy, it seems like all the
Kardashians are pregnant.
What month do we
celebrate Labor Day?
Labor Day is in September!
That is right.
Jolie, Apple recently
released the new iPhone 8.
Why can't the old Taylor
come to the phone?
Because she's dead.
That's right.
Sarah, the amazing Cate
Blanchett is on the show today.
What are you doing if you're
blanching green beans?
You are cooking them
a very special way.
Taking the skin off?
So you're not a chef?
I am not, no.
All right, you're
a flight attendant,
so you heat things up probably.
You've never blanched anything.
It is boiling them.
And I--
[INAUDIBLE]
I can't wait to see
you when you come down.
[YELLING]
I know.
It's going to be so much fun.
Watch this, watch.
[CHEERS]
OK.
Tracy, today is bosses' day.
Who starred in Who's the Boss?
Tony Danza.
That's right.
All right.
Jolie, on this date in
1923, Walt Disney Company
was founded.
What was Mickey's original name?
Mickey's original
name was Mickey Mouse?
What was it?
Mickey Mouse?
So he changed it from Mickey
Mouse to Mickey Mouse?
I mean-- that's
not what I meant.
I meant his name, it was--
Walt Disney Mickey Mouse?
Well Jolie, it has been
a pleasure meeting you.
No, no, no, no, no!
Yeah, no.
One more name.
Guess a name, guess a name.
Guess a name.
Joe?
[LAUGHTER]
All right.
So the rule is, if you get
three in a row you win.
OK, Tracy.
Season two of Stranger
Things premieres this month.
Who plays the character Eleven?
Super cute, looks
like Kate Hudson.
Yeah.
Yep, yep, yep,
all those are yep.
Likes waffles, bloody nose--
Yep.
--doesn't like the
underground, I don't know!
No.
Don't know it.
Scary monster got her.
Millie Bobby Brown.
Millie Bobby Brown,
Millie Bobby Brown!
Oh, that's your answer?
Yes!
Millie Bobby Brown, Eleven.
It's too late because
I told you the answer.
All right, I'll see you
when you come down here.
Ready?
OK.
[SCREAMING]
[APPLAUSE]
That's how you play Know or Go.
All right, all right.
Oh boy.
Now you'll never
forget her name.
Congratulations, you're getting
55 inch 4k TCL Roku TVs.
All of you.
[CHEERING]